And there is
He's pregnant.
What? I'm okay
Go down first
Got it.
Mr. Ji doesn't seem to care about her pregnancy
Isn't it what I thought
malnutrition
No wonder.
Be good.
Mom will protect you
What about the money for the water delivery today?
Stole money
No, you have to.
How dare you offend Shen Tian
Don't come in the future and give it to him in time.
Director Wang, I didn't mean to
Don't cancel the list of notes, okay?
You lose money
I asked you to take notes and send damage to you. What did you do?
Lost the mental list
What's the use of me raising you?
I didn't mean to.
I finally made the list
You just lost it.
You useless thing
Dead girl
If you have to find this home, it will not be peaceful, right?
Get out of here
Go oops go go go
Mom, I don't have a universe daughter
Get lost
No!
Mom
Uh-huh.